how so you have this slit with the sling
yesterday
well I'm fresh out of the sling as of
like 45 minutes ago I didn't want it
hard because what my hands are very
powerful they've been known to crush men
who don't have injuries yeah thank you
and I wanted to take it easy but it's
okay now is it like wobbly and loose I'm
okay man you know I seems like the whole
about get man I just become more and
more like mr. glass man like I I may be
sneeze and throw out a hip or something
yeah right this is what happens that's
why I never exercise it keeps me very
very yeah I'm leaning towards doing that
now do you have some I don't do anything
now do you have like a servant or
something who brushes your teeth for you
and feed you and does that smell but I'm
thinking about having a servant actually
run from yeah yeah send them in for the
tough assignments how's everything going
I know it's been a tough season for the
Lakers do you when you're in a situation
like the Lakers are in right now you're
sitting on the bed well you know not
even on the bench this time but does it
make you upset would you like for them
to be doing well without you there or
are you kind of happy that they're not
God you want to win yeah it's really uh
it's hard man it's hard to be in that
environment when you know we're
literally like at the bottom of the lead
well you're welcome to come hang out
here thank you thank you I saw a clip
today that I feel like I have to show
you because I I must I must know what
your reaction to this so the Lakers had
an eight-game losing streak uh-huh they
beat the Celtics overtime great this is
from after that game this guy we back in
the building
Tommy was gone
Wow now would that happen if you were
there would there be a celebration I saw
that all I could think of was you hey
did you see the movie whiplash
that's a great segue because I was
thinking it when I saw that when you ask
them are they rushing or drag so you did
see that movie yeah so in the movie he
says the worst thing that you can say to
somebody as far as motivation goes and
as far as helping somebody to improve is
good job when they didn't do a good job
or in his case ever I think was the case
but it did you identify with with JK
Simmons as character in any way yeah I
do ash
yeah I mean you know it like if you're
doing something and it's not very well
done
uh-huh I'm not going to say it's very
well done right yeah and that way people
also know when you do say it is that you
mean it yeah you know it's it's you know
I always say like if you're having lunch
or having dinner with somebody and I'm
sitting across from you for example
where the restaurant in front of all
these fabulous people in a restaurant
and you're sitting there and eating
across me you have something in your
teeth right right I can have that moment
of being uncomfortable until you have
something in your teeth and I'll let you
look like an idiot front of everybody
else you know or not have that moment it
just let you look like an in front
everybody else right and so I'm not
afraid to tell you you have something in
your teeth so we shall that's me putting
it politely without throwing a cymbal
across the room right have you ever
slapped a teammate verbally maybe
verbally but not hi I'm Jimmy Kimmel
thanks for watching it means a lot to me
and if you'd like to take our
relationship to the next level click the
subscribe button below I'll wait for you